Add configurable Arrow memory limit - `withArrowMemoryLimitMB` (#32)
spiceai/spice-java: README.md

Retries are performed for connection and system internal errors. It is the SDK user's responsibility to properly
handle other errors, for example RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED (HTTP 429).

### Memory Configuration

> The `SpiceClient` uses an Arrow `RootAllocator` for managing off-heap memory. By default, it uses all available memory. You can configure the memory limit using megabytes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `SpiceClient` does not bound Arrow memory, which is allocated off-heap (outside the JVM). A maximum memory limit can be configured using:
```
